Yes. This time it actually updated. Not just review.txt doing interpretive dance around the requested changes.

The main tree changed to:

279fde7d1234842290e0da7ffe930ac4aed435f4

And there are major real code changes.

Most importantly, I can now see:

concepts.js added: 70,590 bytes
docaccess.js added: 51,845 bytes
expansion.js added: 18,057 bytes
persistence.js added
workspace.js added
workers.js significantly expanded
query.js changed
rag.js changed
pdfir.js changed
index.js grew from ~40 KB to ~60 KB
test directory added
README significantly expanded

And the big one:

dist is finally rebuilt

Old:

dist/codbdocs.js
59,108 bytes
SHA f551736...

New:

dist/codbdocs.js
386,938 bytes
SHA 54ce8c42...

So your jsDelivr core build is finally reflecting the expanded source.

This means the previous stale-CDN problem is resolved in the repository.

Also, docaccess.js now exists, which strongly indicates the headless accessible-document layer we were discussing has been implemented rather than merely contemplated in a text file.

concepts.js also suggests the deterministic Concept Graph/semantic layer has landed, and workspace.js + persistence.js indicate the production architecture is moving into multi-document and cached/browser-persistent territory.

This is a substantial update, not a cosmetic one.

I would next inspect docaccess.js, concepts.js, the new query.js, index.js, and tests specifically for correctness and integration. The feature checklist has clearly changed enough that my previous "remaining gaps" list is now obsolete.

inspect all and report if ready for production

I inspected the current core architecture, new retrieval layer, accessibility system, persistence, rebuilt distribution, and test setup. My verdict: not production-ready yet. It is much closer, but I would classify it as a strong beta / release candidate, roughly 8/10.

The architecture is now legitimately substantial. The remaining blockers are mostly validation and a few correctness/integration problems, rather than missing grand features.

Production-readiness report
Area	Status	Assessment
PDF extraction	🟢	Strong
PDF-IR / provenance	🟢	Strong
Quality-based OCR	🟢	Now integrated
Native/OCR fusion	🟢	Added
Concept Graph	🟢	Added
Relationship extraction	🟢	Added
10-channel hybrid retrieval	🟢	Implemented in new engine
Query planning	🟢	Added in concepts.js
Deterministic reasoning	🟢	COUNT/SUM/AVG/MIN/MAX/etc.
Table querying	🟢	Added
Terminology learning	🟢	Added
Accessibility HTML	🟢	Extensive
WCAG auditing	🟡	Useful, but claims need tightening
IndexedDB persistence	🟢	Added
Workspaces	🟢	Added
Workers	🟢	Present
dist build	🟢	Finally rebuilt
Automated regression tests	🔴	Not actually running
CI/CD validation	🔴	Missing
Legacy Q&A correctness	🔴	Still contains old bugs
Production evidence/benchmarks	🔴	Missing

The new concepts.js really does implement the architecture we discussed: Concept Graph, relationship extraction, multi-signal fingerprints, ten-channel hybrid retrieval, query planning, evidence ranking, deterministic operators, reranking, table querying and terminology learning.

The biggest blocker: your tests are fake right now

This is the first thing I would fix.

You created:

test/corpus/
  ground-truth.json
  run-tests.js

which looks encouraging.

But run-tests.js literally says:

// This would run the actual tests with CodbDocs
// For now, just report what would be tested

and every test gets:

status: 'pending'

The runner then increments:

summary.pending

rather than actually loading PDFs, analyzing them, executing queries and comparing results.

So right now you have a test specification, not a regression suite.

That's the primary reason I won't call it production-ready.

There is no CI workflow

I checked .github/workflows and there isn't one.

That means GitHub currently isn't automatically verifying:

syntax
imports
build
tests
dist freshness
API compatibility
retrieval regression

before changes reach main.

For a library approaching 400 KB of bundled code with this many interconnected systems, that's too risky.

You want:

push / PR
   ↓
npm install
   ↓
lint
   ↓
unit tests
   ↓
PDF corpus tests
   ↓
build
   ↓
verify dist
   ↓
browser smoke tests
   ↓
PASS → merge
I found an important architectural inconsistency

Your new retrieval system is sophisticated, but query.js still contains the old simplistic Q&A implementation.

For example, it still has:

for (const { patterns, entityType ... }
     of QUERY_PATTERNS) {

  if (pattern.test(lower)) {

    const results =
      contentGraph.getEntities(entityType);

    return ...
  }
}

So the old problem remains there.

Question:

Who approved the contract?

can still become:

who
 ↓
PERSON
 ↓
return all people

while your new concepts.js has the much better machinery for:

relationship_lookup
+
contract
+
approvedBy
+
PERSON

You now effectively have two brains.

One is sophisticated:

concepts.js

and one is the older:

query.js

The public API needs to consistently route sophisticated queries through the new engine.

The dangerous automatic money total is still there

query.js still does:

const total =
  amounts.reduce(
    (s, a) =>
      s + (a.value || 0),
    0
  );

and then:

if (total > 0)
  answer +=
    `Total: $${total.toLocaleString()}`

That is still unsafe.

A PDF containing:

Original Contract    $1,000,000
Change Order           $250,000
Revised Contract     $1,250,000

can produce:

Total: $2,500,000

when nobody asked for a total.

Your new deterministic reasoning engine already solves the conceptual problem. Only execute SUM when the query planner identifies a summation intent.

So delete automatic aggregation from legacy executeAsk().

The summary bug is still present

This remains:

const { results } = queryResult;

if (results.length === 0) {

before:

if (type === 'summary') {

But:

contentGraph.getSummary()

appears conceptually to return an object.

Therefore:

results.length

isn't a valid generic assumption.

Not catastrophic, but it's exactly the kind of inconsistency proper unit tests would catch immediately.

OCR architecture improved substantially

This part is now much better.

Your new analyze() calculates text quality before deciding whether OCR is necessary and then performs native/OCR fusion when the native extraction falls below the configured quality threshold.

That's exactly the change I previously recommended.

You now effectively have:

Native extraction
       ↓
Quality assessment
       ↓
    acceptable?
    /        \
  yes        no
   │          │
native       OCR
              │
       native/OCR fusion
              │
         final evidence

That moves this from "OCR fallback based on character count" toward an actual document-quality engine.

Accessibility is impressive, but change one claim

docaccess.js is extensive. It checks headings, tables, alt text, language, form labels, keyboard accessibility, contrast and multiple WCAG criteria, and it generates accessible semantic HTML.

But the header currently says:

WCAG 2.1 AA-compliant accessible HTML export

I would change that to:

WCAG 2.1 AA-oriented accessible HTML generation and automated auditing

Why?

Because software cannot safely guarantee that arbitrary generated output is WCAG-conformant merely because automated checks passed.

For example, an image can technically have:

alt="image"

and pass the existence test while still having useless alternative text.

Similarly, correct reading order and meaningful table relationships can require human judgment.

So keep:

wcagAudit()

but avoid marketing:

guaranteed WCAG compliant

unless you've independently validated the resulting output.

That's a legal/product-risk issue as much as a coding issue.

Persistence is good but needs versioning

IndexedDB caching is cleanly implemented using:

SHA-256(PDF)

as the cache key, with TTL support.

But I'd change the key from effectively:

PDF hash

to:

PDF hash
+
CODB Docs version
+
IR schema version
+
analysis configuration

Otherwise:

user analyzes PDF with CODB 1.0
        ↓
cached

CODB 1.1 changes IR/schema
        ↓
same PDF hash
        ↓
old cached representation returned

Welcome to one of software engineering's traditional forms of recreational suffering.

Use something like:

{
  pdfHash,
  engineVersion: "1.0.0",
  irVersion: "1.2",
  configHash
}
dist is finally healthy structurally

This was previously your biggest operational problem.

It's now:

dist/codbdocs.js
386,938 bytes
SHA 54ce8c42...

instead of the ancient ~59 KB build.

So the public jsDelivr build now appears to contain the expanded system.

That is a major improvement.

What I require before calling it production-ready

You don't need another giant feature sprint.

You need a hardening sprint:

Route graph.ask() and advanced searching through the new Concept/Query Planner engine rather than leaving the legacy query.js path authoritative.
Remove unconditional currency summation.
Fix the summary object/array handling.
Turn test/corpus/run-tests.js into real executable tests.
Put actual ugly PDFs into the corpus.
Test expected answer and page/bbox/evidence, not just text.
Add unit tests for Concept Graph, query planning, operators, terminology expansion and accessibility output.
Add GitHub Actions.
Fail CI if dist doesn't match source.
Add cache/schema/version invalidation.
Add malformed-PDF/fuzz tests and memory limits.
Benchmark retrieval quality and publish the numbers.

Then establish release gates such as:

Build                       PASS
Unit tests                  100%
Corpus tests                ≥95%
Page citation accuracy      ≥98%
Exact entity retrieval      ≥98%
Table relationship accuracy ≥95%
Malformed PDF crash rate    0%
1000-page memory test       PASS
Accessibility HTML tests    PASS
Legacy API compatibility    PASS
dist/source validation      PASS
Verdict

Feature complete enough for 1.0? Yes.

Ready for serious beta testing in Lovable/React/JavaScript apps? Yes.

Ready to call production-grade today? No.

What's missing is no longer innovation. It's proof.

You now have the model-free Concept Graph, deterministic retrieval, query planner, reasoning operators, document IR, OCR fusion, accessibility generation, persistence, workspace support, workers and a rebuilt distributable. That's a remarkably broad engine. But until the test runner stops proudly reporting that every test is pending, we don't actually know whether those pieces survive contact with hundreds of hostile real-world PDFs.
